Guys
Dinner after work?
Sure
Guys
What are we having tonight?
All right, my treat
Okay
My treat
Little Lu Yi
This time, your nose
really did a great job
I was thinking
your fitness test back then
how did you even pass?
Barely, with a low score
And you are proud of that?
You cannot keep doing this
It is so dangerous
You can't rely on luck forever
Look how risky that Liu Ping thing was
I am telling you
we are Detectives
who knows when
we will run into some desperate criminal
Lin Shen
When you have time, teach her
All right
Then today it is
Today?
Let's go
Lin Shen
Actually,
in a situation like this,
If you still cannot break free
you need to try another way
Do not fixate on what is in front of you
Not bad
You are learning fast
and using momentum when you turn
Way better than last time, standing there
and letting someone take you hostage
People
have to grow up
You cannot keep learning the hard way
True
Fixating on something
is not always a good thing
Lin Shen
This morning
who was the person you visited at the cemetery?
You tailed me?
Answer my question
That is my private business
It has nothing to do with you
That person
is the one in my dad's notebook
the person in that photo
You carry that photo with you every day
and you say it is none of my business?
Lu Yi
Under the recusal rule
as Lu Yong's immediate family
you should not
have anything to do with this case
Those are the rules
Lin Shen
I treat you like a friend
I have been nothing but sincere with you
and now you are using rules to pressure me
As your friend, I am protecting you
Lu Yi, you have no idea what this case...
What kind of friend is that, Lin Shen?
Do I have any friends?
Do you think I have friends?
Am I not?
What kind of friend are you?
A friend would know why my dad is in a coma
but refuse to tell me a single word?
A friend would use the cold word "rules"
to shut me down?
A friend would, in the middle of the night
guard against me like I am a thief?
Leave without telling me?
Is that a friend, Lin Shen?
Lu Yi
Fine
I get it
I was kidding myself
Lu Yi
And this one here
is from our unit
the most beautiful
and the most capable
and the Detective I am closest to, Officer Lin
Lin Shen
Stop chasing me
Am I that adorable?
You are really good at pretending
Besides money and food
can you think of anything else?
And thinking of you
What?
Come here
Don't come over
Once you have me
you will get used to it
Have you ever gotten
from someone
a special gift?
Happy birthday, Lin Shen
I am your best friend
Carry me to the car
I do not ask for much
Just like this
a bridal carry
How about it?
What is wrong with you?
Are you crazy?
Why are you not drinking?
Come on, drink
No
These are my own people
No need to hide anything
Lin Shen
You are my best friend
Listen to me
Hold on tight to me
Sis Shen
Haozi
What are you doing here?
Let me tell you a secret
My family owns this place
You two fought?
No
Sis Shen
We have worked together for so long
You think I do not know you?
If you can argue
it means you both
still matter to each other
A real break
is always silent
Having a friend who makes you ignore personal gain
and who you aren't afraid to argue with
is really rare
Lu Yi is that kind of person
So are you
If one day you stop arguing
and get polite like ordinary friends
then it's really Darn it
You're treating today
No problem
Officer
Something terrible happened
At the pig farm in the western suburbs
someone got gnawed by pigs
Captain Duan
Someone got gnawed by pigs at the west farm
What's going on
Gnawed by pigs
What kind of sin is that
What's the situation
She really was eaten by pigs
Judging by the damage at the scene
and the remains left behind
pigs did gnaw on the victim
Pigs are omnivores
Attacking and gnawing humans
isn't impossible
especially when a person
has lost the ability to resist
But the specifics
require a further autopsy
There are several breaks in the fence
but no obvious signs of forced entry
There's an overturned bucket nearby
and some scattered pig feed
An accidental fall seems more likely
Sir
What am I supposed to do
When did you last see your wife
exactly
What was she doing
Last night
Write that down
She even warmed me a pot of liquor
It's okay, take your time
Take your time
This morning when I got up
I was here feeding the pigs
and I saw that shoe
Sir
Was your wife in poor health
Her eyesight was bad
Her joints hurt
Everything hurt
She wasn't steady on her feet either
Then did you and the neighbors
have any conflict
any disputes, that sort of thing
You can't go in here
In this ravine
Old Zhao
What's going on
Xiao Hu
Your auntie
is gone
How could she be gone
She fell into the pigpen
and those beasts gnawed her
Help him over there
Okay
Sir, let's go back and sit for a bit
Who are you
Officer
What's your relationship to him
I've known Old Zhao for many years
Their pigs
mostly supply our shop
His wife
had bad legs
She always fell when walking
I never thought
Cigarette?
No
It's fine
Come on, come on
How many years have you known him
Quite a few years, I guess
I don't remember
Well, um
Do you know how their family
got along with the people around them
I'm not really sure
With things blowing up like this today
I can't take pigs in anymore
Old Zhao
My condolences.
I'm leaving
The autopsy report is out
The victim's injuries were not caused
by an accidental fall,
but by blunt-force trauma.
That means
she didn't accidentally fall into the pigpen
she was murdered first
then dumped into the pigpen
Yes
I suggest we conduct
a second search of Old Zhao's place
If needed, we can run a polygraph
Bro Lei
What's up with those two now
They're having a spat
Leave it alone
Lu Yi must've pissed off my Xiao Shen
Thirsty?
Want an apple?
I'm allergic
This old man is definitely suspicious
And the grief he showed
didn't seem real
For a man nearly 70,
could he really kill his wife
and dump her into the pigpen?
Where would he get the nerve and strength?